r/mcp follow-up draft - rebuild-dossier (post this, or edit then post)

TITLE

I broke the install command on my own MCP server and shipped it that way. Fixed now, and every path in the readme is verified. Heres the honest state.

BODY

Earlier this week someone posted about rebuild-dossier, the MCP server that reverse-engineers a rebuild spec out of an existing app so a coding agent can rebuild it against a locked CLAUDE.md and a mutation-tested test suite.

Then I checked the actual state of the tool I pushed, and here is what I found. The primary install command in the readme, npx rebuild-dossier@latest, crashed for everyone. The bin target was missing the node shebang, so the shell tried to run an ESM file and failed on the first import statement. Every first-time user hit that wall. Zero npm installs is what that looks like in the numbers.

I fixed that. 0.2.6 is live. And this time I did not trust my own readme. I ran every path you would actually take: npx, the global install, running from source, the HTTP mode, the full test suite (538 tests pass), and the typecheck. I connected through the official MCP client SDK and listed all six tools. The first command in the readme now works.

So the honest part. My first posts overstated where this is at. I wrote things like 80% accuracy and zero dead code. Those are not true, and I wrote them before running the numbers. The tool is v0. It was validated end to end against one real, messy repo, with two fresh-agent handoffs on two model tiers. The write-up of what broke is in docs/v0-findings.md, and it does not flatter me. Some tests landed weak or unrunnable. The untested-contracts hook came back empty when it should not have. That is the real result, and I kept it in the repo instead of deleting it.

Why I still think the idea matters. My prior research found a rebuild pipeline scores 0% on behavioral equivalence with no verified feedback loop, and 9 to 19% with a coarse one. The non-negotiable rule in this tool: an ambiguity never auto-resolves on silent agreement alone. Code and observed behavior matching, with nobody having said why, becomes a question, never a resolution. The risk that rule targets is real, and I have seen it cost real hours.

The tool is not a scaffold and it does not rebuild your app. It produces the spec and tests a downstream agent consumes. That boundary is intentional.

What I am asking for now is different from last time. I am not asking you to trust a claim. I am asking you to run the first command, it works now, and tell me where the rule breaks. Try to get it to silently auto-resolve an ambiguity or to validate a bug as intentional. If it holds, say so. If it breaks, I want the repro.

Install: npx rebuild-dossier@latest
Repo: github.com/Parker-Fawcett/rebuild-dossier

POSTING NOTES (delete before posting)
- Public, on-record. Every claim here is verified this session: 0.2.6 runs every
  path, 538 tests pass, official SDK connects. Do not add numbers you did not run.
- r/mcp discourages pure self-promotion. This post leads with an admission and a
  concrete technical ask, not a pitch. Keep it that way.
- The prior posts overclaimed regardless of how they were worded. The correction
  in the third paragraph is the point, not an afterthought.
- No em/en dashes, no rule of three, active voice. This draft was checked; keep it
  that way if you edit.
